Hello on Dwell Comm to the course.
I am so happy to have you here.
We have searched a lot in store.
It's difficult to know where to begin,
so I guess we'll start at the beginning.
I am Alan and I used to have a normal memory.
That is,
I could learn stuff,
but only at a certain pace.
If I tried to cram too much,
I just forget what I had already learned.
No,
great.
When you have a tough exam to take that you've already failed twice.
It's crazy knowing what I know now that what I learned on what you two will learn over the
next few hours isn't taught in infant school.
If it waas,
we would be a world of super high achievers.
Anyway,
I have a lot of stuff in store for you,
and it's going to be easier than you ever thought possible.
We're even gonna have fun along the way.
What I will give you in this course of secrets to developing a perfect memory.
If you want to give it a fancy name,
we call them no Monix After the Greek goddess of memory nem assign Now,
by the end of this course,
you will have memorized your 1st 10 words in four different foreign languages.
Three US state capitals,
European capitals,
the major gods of Greek and Roman mythology.
Names and faces.
Hang on.
We're not done yet.
Numbers and dates the planets in orders in in order,
wedding anniversaries,
birthdays,
the 10 Commandments.
A bunch of collective now owns the names of phobias.
All of this without breaking a sweat.
Difficult to believe,
right?
I thought so,
too.
But before we start,
we need to establish your baseline where you are now.
And to do that,
I need you to take two tests.
One is a list,
and one is a sequence of numbers.
Now,
I'll give you about a minute for each list,
and I want you to concentrate on remembering as many of them as you can.
Score yourself a point for each one.
And if you get them all in order,
score a bonus 10 points for each round.
And keep a note of your scores as this is where you started.
Okay.
Test one.
Now write them down somewhere and then go back a little in the lecture.
Mark yourself.
Remember one point for every correct answer on a bonus.
10 points if you got them all in order when you don't come back and we'll do the number
test.
Okay?
Right.
That score damage somewhere for safe keeping.
Now,
let's do the number test.
I will show you a 10 digit number for about a minute,
and they want you to memorize as much of it as you can.
Ready Hagos again.
Write them down somewhere and then go back a little in this lecture on dmarc yourself.
Remember one point for every correct answer and a bonus 10 points.
If you got them all in order.
When you're done right,
then your score and keep it somewhere safe.
There will be a test at the end,
Okay.
How did you do?
100% plus both bonuses.
If so,
you don't need this course.
If not,
prepare to be amazed of what you can do.
By the end of this course again,
I'm really happy to have you here and I'll see you in the next lecture.